Updates install dependencies and validate local setup to support all SPFx versions. Closes #516 #515 (#621)
pnp/vscode-viva: docs/src/content/docs/features/setup.mdx

![validate-dependency](../../../../../assets/images/validate-dependency.png)

The extension will validate your setup for the SPFx generator version you have installed in your machine. In case you do not have any SPFx generator installed, it will validate against the latest SPFx version.
In case your Nde.js version is not correct or you do not have the required global dependencies installed, SPFx Toolkit will fix that for you by running the install dependencies action.

## Install dependencies

> If you are just getting started with SharePoint Framework development on a clean machine you may use the "Install dependencies" button to install all the needed global dependencies in one go without for any version of SPFx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are just getting started with SharePoint Framework development on a clean machine, you may use the "Install dependencies" button to install all the needed global dependencies in one go for any version of SPFx.
```

![validate-dependency](../../../../../assets/images/install-dependencies.png)

SPFx Toolkit may also help you install and switch to the correct version of Node.js using either `nvm` (Node Version Manager) or `nvs` (Node Version Switcher). First you need to make sure you have set the Node.js Version Manager setting in SPFx Toolkit to either `nvm` or `nvs`.

> Then during installing dependencies, SPFx Toolkit will check if you have the correct version of Node.js installed, and if not, it will offer to install and switch to the correct version for you using the selected Node version manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, during dependency installation, SPFx Toolkit will check if you have the correct version of Node.js installed, and if not, it will offer to install and switch to the correct version for you using the selected Node version manager.
```
